https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vTg942cZ8QD_aKtlkgRAJq0eGSz-eAzb5JFhLFtFcpo/edit

https://irkutsk.hh.ru/vacancy/88260316
..............................

ТЗ
О чем будет статья. Расскажем о развитии инвестиционных приложений: с чего началось, какие тенденции прослеживаются сейчас. Ответим на вопрос «почему стоит разработать своё инвестиционное приложение?». Познакомим с типами инвестиционных приложений. Приведём основные функции такого приложения.

Где размещаемся. На стороннем сайте, связанном с инвестиционными приложениями.

Для кого пишем. Потенциальные фаундеры, которые думают о создании инвестиционного приложения.

Требования к статье:
На основе сгенерированного текста подготовить складную, логичную статью на английском языке объемом 400-700 слов
В статье должна быть структура — подзаголовки и деление на абзацы
Пишем простым языком, но не уходим сильно в разговорную лексику
Уникальность не ниже 98% по text.ru. Пожалуйста, прикрепите в документ ссылку на результат проверки.
Словосочетание «investment app» должно повторяться минимум 8-10 раз
Минимум 2 релевантных стоковых изображения по ходу статьи
===============
ТЗ
О чем будет статья. Расскажем о развитии инвестиционных приложений: с чего началось, какие тенденции прослеживаются сейчас. Ответим на вопрос «почему стоит разработать своё инвестиционное приложение?». Познакомим с типами инвестиционных приложений. Приведём основные функции такого приложения.

Где размещаемся. На стороннем сайте, связанном с инвестиционными приложениями.

Для кого пишем. Потенциальные фаундеры, которые думают о создании инвестиционного приложения.

Требования к статье:
На основе сгенерированного текста подготовить складную, логичную статью на английском языке объемом 400-700 слов
В статье должна быть структура — подзаголовки и деление на абзацы
Пишем простым языком, но не уходим сильно в разговорную лексику
Уникальность не ниже 98% по text.ru. Пожалуйста, прикрепите в документ ссылку на результат проверки.
Словосочетание «investment app» должно повторяться минимум 8-10 раз
Минимум 2 релевантных стоковых изображения по ходу статьи

Сгенерированный текст (1105 слов)
Жирным выделены вопросы, которые задавали нейросети. Обычным текстом — ответы. Их нужно использовать для написания статьи.




An introduction to investment apps

Lately, investment apps have become widely popular because in order to manage their investments people start using mobile devices more and more. An investment app is an app where you can manage your invested money.

If you are in need of an investment app, you should take many factors into consideration, from the functionality and features of your app to the cost and approach to its development. 

This article will guide you through the steps on creating an investment app, and provide an in-depth instruction for businesses seeking to develop an app. You might be looking to have a simple investment app or a complex trading platform - this article will be of use in both cases telling you about the required actions needed for your investment app idea to get realized. So, let's explore how to create an investment app.

============
Investment apps: what are they
============

Investment apps are mobile or web applications giving users the possibility to conduct actions such as investing in various kinds of financial assets: stocks, bonds, ETFs, mutual funds, and many others. These apps have spread widely recently, and especially among younger generations looking for a more affordable and user-friendly ways to invest money.

===========
The history of investment apps
===========

The first investment app, Robinhood, was launched in 2013 aiming to get the access to the stock market easier by making commission-free trading more available. This business model quickly became popular, and Robinhood value grew over $11 billion than 13 million users are using it.

By now many investment apps are developed and being used in the investment market, with its own unique features and benefits. Among them is Acorns, which rounds up users' purchases and and invest the spare change; then Stash letting users to invest in fractional shares of stocks and ETFs

Investment apps are now subject to criticism and praise. Those who support investment apps claim that due to them a wider audience can access investing, and critics concern about the potential risks that unexpirienced investors possessing no proper knowledge meet in trading.

Despite all, investment apps have changed the investment landscape by making it more friendly and and accessible for users. With the technology continually evolving, investment apps for sure will continue to play a significant role in investing money. 

WHY IS AN INVESTMENT APP USEFUL?

Having an investment app brings new possibilities such as:

Growing demand: More people want to invest their money today, so the demand for investment apps is increasing, which gives a great opportunity to give users a needed product in a recently expanding investment market.

Accessibility: investment apps offers people a better way to access and manage their investments. Having a user-friendly features and real-time information about the needed things, investment apps can make it more interesting to invest.

Revenue potential: investment apps can bring access to new revenues, such as subscriptions and transactions fees, interest or invested funds. A right marketing strategy an investment app can be a great way to be a venture of profit.

Innovation: an investment apps will allow you to bring new ideas into the market. Innovations on the existing investment platforms will make you differ from the market competitors and direct a new user base to you. 

However, developing an investment app takes a lot of efforts, time, money and resourses. Many things must be identified and audited before developing an investment app, such as preferences and needs of users, app design, relevant law restrictions and regulations. It's also important to consider possible risks, such as market volatility and regulatory issues. But if you have a nice team of developers, good plan, and strong will to make a quality product, having developed an investment app you will be rewarded with a benefitial venture.

WHAT TYPES OF INVESTMENT APPS ARE THERE?

There are different types of investment apps, each has its own unique features and offerings. 

Here are some of the most common types:

Stock trading apps: these apps allow users to trade stock on the stock market. Robinhoos, E*TRADE, TD Ameritrade.

Robo-advisory apps: these apps give automated investments advices and portfolio mnagement services made by algorythms. Betterment, Wealthfront, Personal Capital

Micro-investing apps: these apps make it possible to invest small amounts of money in different assets, such as stocks and EFT.

Cryptocurrency apps: these apps allow users to sell, buy, and trade cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Coinbase, Binance, and Kraken

Social investment apps: These apps stand for following other investors, thus sharing ideas and insights, and copy their trade strategies. eToro, ZuluTrade, StockTwits

Retirement planning apps: these apps help users schedule their retirement finances by providing calculations, investment and other financial planning tools. Vanguard, Fidelity, Charles Schwab 

These examples are just a few among the different types of investment apps available. You may find the most suitable type of app depending on your needs.

THE MAIN FEATURES OF SUCH APPS

The main functions of investment apps differ depending on the type of app, but all of them share common features and functions:

Account management: users can sign up and manage their investment accounts, including account registration, profile management, and password protection.

Market data and news: investment apps give out real-time financial marke data, including stock prices, exchange rates, commodity prices. News articles and analysis are also accessible.

Investment research and analysis: many investment apps allow tools and resources helping users analyzing investment opportunities including stock screeners, performance data, and investment calculators. 

Trading and investing: if app is suitable for it, users can buy and sell securities such as bonds, stocks, and ETFs. Some investment apps allow users automating their investment strategies of receiving personalized investment advice.   

Portfolio management: tools for managing users' investment portfolis, including aset allocation, monitoring performance, and setting up alerts for price changes

These are more main functions expected in investment apps. Specific areas investment may have additional features. 
